[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> How did the Arcturians and
Pleiadians become the first
experiments?
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In this episode, we will
explore these two species
and how they paved the
way for the creation
of homo sapiens sapiens.
From the point of view
of the sixth dimension,
they see all the
realities in white.
They can see
everything with light.
So in order to see the
division of creation,
they need to focus on the spots
where the light shines less.
So they see all the
fractalization of the light,
and it comes to darkness.
They start to see
small dots of black,
which are like black
holes in the universe.
Those are the portals to go to
the more physical dimensions,
like the fourth
and the third one.
These structures
where the other beings
can go through and get
into those other dimensions
are stars.
The stars are the
main spots where
all the network
of time and space
are bounded into
one specific spot
and connect all the energy
from the sixth dimension,
opening a door to the
third and fourth dimension.
So that's why the beings
that created the network
in the sixth
dimension, they used
these star portals to get in.
And one of the main portals
that they used for our galaxy,
for our sky, is Pleiades.
And why Pleiades?
Because they are 12 stars that
are aligned with 12 spheres,
which are the Elohim.
That's why, through
Pleiades, they
found a way in which
each one of them
could reach the third dimension.
And that's why Plaedian beings
are the physical structure
into time and
space of the living
beings in the sixth dimension.
And that's why the
system of Pleiades,
which is in the
Taurus constellation,
is the one that
makes everything that
is in the subtle
structure of the universe
into the material
structure of the universe.
They are the portal to
bring heaven on earth.
bring everything that is
ethereal to the physical world.
That's why Pleiades
became the spot
where all the high-vibrational
beings in other realities,
like sixth dimension
and fifth dimension,
were able to talk
with every being
in the fourth and the third
dimension-- through Pleiades.
In mythology, they
say that Bootes
is this big guy
that is taking care
of all the cows and the bulls.
And the constellation of Taurus,
the big bull where Pleiades is,
is taken care by
this big man that
is aware of the
importance of this bull.
So the main star is Arcturus.
And Arcturus is
the one that takes
care of all information
that, from Pleiades, has
come into the third dimension.
So the beings in
Arcturus are the ones
that put in matter everything
that Plaedians say.
When Plaedians talk
with other dimensions
and are able to bring the
information from the highest
level of beings in the
fifth and sixth dimension,
they bring that information
to Bootes, to Arcturus.
And they know how to put
that information into cells,
into blood, into DNA.
The only thing that you can
relate to Pleiades that you
can see is the big portal
that, thousands of years
ago, we created in China.
That region there was one
of the portals to the self,
to the inner core of
the being, the plexus.
So that's why, when
they started to create
the whole pattern of the
stars around the planet,
they chose China to put
the stars of Pleiades.
Because it's in the correct
side of the portal of Orion,
which is in Egypt, and then
a series in Peru, Bolivia.
So this alignment is
the most important thing
that you can physically
see of Pleiades
being one of the biggest
portals in our planet.
But historically, Pleiades is
more attached to the heart.
Because most ancient beings
in humans, in the Middle East,
they used to know
them like the mothers,
the mothers of creation--
Hathor, as we call it.
And this goddess
meant life and love.
That's why all the information
that came from those stars
has to be related
to the heart chakra,
to the love that a mother
gives, and feeds the sons
and daughters from
the whole of creation.
And everyone in the
Middle East kind of
were related to
Pleiades in that sense,
in the sense that they were
the mothers that connect us
with the creation and
with the consciousness
of the network of the universe.
Plaedians are closer
to the fifth dimension
than even the fourth dimension.
They are the most
spiritual beings
connected to the
creation and connected
to the information of who we are
as realities, as living beings.
So they live kind
of out of time.
And they connect sometimes with
the three-dimensional worlds
in Arcturus and Lyra
and other species trying
to tell and guide and lead what
the universe is saying for us,
for the civilizations
in the matter.
So the purpose of
Plaedian people
is like being those high masters
and guides in the matter that
tells us why we
are here and what
we can do to improve ourselves
what we can do to enlighten
ourselves, to
understand reality,
how we can transform matter
and time in every reality
that we have created.
So they are the guides of the
spiritual world in the material
worlds.
And the Arcturian people are the
ones taking care of the matter,
of the structures.
They are like the doctors and
the scientists of the galaxy.
They were the ones
trying to bring
all this enlightened
concepts of spiral,
and understanding the importance
of these spiritual patterns
into the physical ones,
and put them all together.
So they discovered how
spirituality moves through DNA,
through evolution.
And they evolve in
their own planets,
trying to take much
as power as possible
from the spiritual world
through the physical bodies.
So both of them are
kind of the same,
looking in different
perspectives.
The Plaedians have the goal
to bring heaven on Earth,
and the Arcturians have a goal
to bring that Earth to heaven.
But it's not a goal that they
want to leave the material
world, but they want to create
a physical world that is exactly
the same as the ethereal one.
So improving this reality,
improving the matter, in order
to create civilizations
and create beings,
aligned with the light that
is within the structures
of three-dimensional realities.
So both of them are kind
of a team, a team in which
play Plaedians guide the
spirit inside the bodies,
Arcturians guide the
bodies to find the spirit.
Because of this, we can see
Plaedians and Arcturians that
are kind of similar in shapes.
And that shape is the
tetrahedron and the Merkaba.
They divided in the Merkaba
so every chakra of themselves
has the expression of the
power of each one of them.
So they have two hands.
They had a head.
They had a neck.
They had legs and feet.
So they are split in the
shape of the Merkaba.
So that's why we are
more attached to them,
because we are like the
product of both of them.
They are like our mothers
and fathers from the galaxy.
And that's why they
are so similar to us.
But it's not because
they are similar to us.
It's because we are
similar to them.
They were first, in the time
where here and this planet
was just water and bacteria.
And they were beginning to
create their own civilizations.
The Plaedian ones
created the civilizations
in some planets that
were similar to suns.
They were enlightened.
They had these cities that
were like light structures.
And they were not very physical.
They were levitating.
They used the mind to
move through space.
So that's why we can relate
them with the shape of angels,
these beautiful
beings with their hair
more like light
than physical hair
and their eyes more like
galaxies, with many colors.
Also, you would never
see a Plaedian spaceship,
because their spaceship
is the Merkaba.
They traveled through time
and space with the Merkaba.
And that's why, when
we see Plaedian shapes,
we see a sphere of light.
Because it's the Merkaba
moving so fast that we
can see this sphere instead
of a mechanism structure,
like Arcturians would do.
Sometimes, in
history, the people
used to call angels
to those beings that
were coming from the
sky to talk with humans.
Angels go all
around the universe.
They move like the white
cells through our blood.
They try to reach for
those viruses, bacteria,
places that are harmed, the
ones that we have in the system.
And they would go there
to protect and enlighten
this wound, so we
could be healed,
and we could keep creating
without any problem.
Angels are the projection
of light of geometry.
So they have kind of
a shape of a human,
but they are not specifically
the same as a human.
They would be seen like
these rays of light.
When they get dense to
us, we could see them
with eyes and a weird face,
almost without a mouth,
and all these feathers
or wings around.
But they are geometry.
They are irradiating these
geometry patterns around
that we see moving.
And we see how they
moved around them.
So that's why, coming
from the skies,
with these patterns around,
it kind of looks like angels,
like feathers, like
wings of the birds.
So that's why we have this
mistake with putting angels
like Plaedians.
Plaedians are similar
to angels in shape,
but they are more human-shaped.
We can see their faces.
We can see their mouth.
They can talk to us.
They have hands.
They have feet.
They have these machines
of light in which
they came from the sky.
So whenever we
see someone coming
from the skies in
these spheres of light,
and they have this
look like angels,
and they came to
Earth to give messages
to the people of
this planet, we are
talking about
Plaedian people, which
are in between the fourth
and the fifth dimension.
And angels are those geometrical
beings irradiating light
in between the sixth and
the seventh dimension that
are aware of everything that
happens in every dimension.
And they are the
protectors of this reality,
like the white cells of God.
The difference between
humans and Plaedians
is mainly that they don't live
in a three-dimensional world.
And they don't need the
same things like us.
They usually don't have sex.
So they just experience
sex by sexuality--
as we understand it, like
feeling the other one, and not
even touching, like tantra.
So they don't have
genitals like we do.
And they lost their
connection to the root chakra,
to the core of the planet.
Because they connect with
the planet and the reality
through the heart.
And they don't have the same
system of organs that we do,
because they evolve in a way
that they don't need to eat.
So that's why they have a
tiny mouth and long neck, just
to have better vibration.
On the other hand, Arcturians
had a more elongated head
and big eyes.
But they are more similar to us,
because they are more grounded.
So they have the same
structure of chakras.
They do reproduce
through sex, like we do.
And they have the same
type of hands, of body.
They're maybe a
little bit more tall,
but normally, usually, like us.
And also, depending on the
race that we are talking to,
they could be a blind
person or a black person.
And the blue ones are
also Nordic shapes,
but with blue skin.
We have to remember that we
are talking about species, not
races.
In every galaxy, in every
system, in every planet,
as we have the black race,
yellow, white, or whatever
we want to call it, they
also have different types
of races in their own systems.
So that's why we
can find Arcturians
that we can see them like blue.
And they are blue
because of the blood.
They have blue blood.
So they become like blue skin.
And the color that they
have is because they don't
have oxygen in their planets.
So they don't have
the same system
of breathing that we have.
And we have red
blood because it is
the oxygen oxidizing the blood.
So that's why it's
red like Mars.
We can find some Arcturians
that you can see,
like normal humans
here living on Earth--
a little bit taller--
but other ones that we used to
call the blue ones in Atlantis.
They were the wise
ones that came
to teach us about our blood,
about the truth within us.
And that's why, for all
the ancient cultures,
those blue ones were the gods
that told us about the power
from within.
And that's why, in
Mexico, in South America,
in Egypt, in India,
we have these gods
with blue painting in the face.
Plaedian people also
have different races.
But they're more
bounded by the color
of their soul, the color
of their vibration,
than the genetic information.
So that's why we can
find some Plaedians more
similar to each race
of our human races.
But they're these colors like
black, like yellow, like white,
red, because they are bounded
to the vibration of their soul,
of the energy of their bodies.
So that's why we can
find different races
in Plaedian people, but
they are not in the skin.
They are more in the
energy that they have.
Plaedians were one of the
species that didn't give
much information of genetics.
They gave more information
through vibration
and through our
blood than our cells.
Where ancient people
related to them was,
all the arts and all the
culture that we have within
came from the teachings from
the people from Pleiades.
So that's why Greek people
also named the Pleiades
the muse that teaches us
about music, art, painting.
Because they wear the spirits
that taught us about the power
that we have within.
The ancients talked
about Arcturians
like the fathers and
mothers from the stars.
And they literally were
fathers and mothers
because they were able to
reproduce themselves here
through sexuality
in this planet.
So they were the first ones
that we used to call the gods,
like all these people from
heavens that came and had sex
with women and
with men on Earth,
like the Bible says, like
Egyptians, like in Mexico,
all the stories of these
people coming from heavens
and having relations and kids
with the people from Earth.
Those were the Arcturians.
And they were
these beings trying
to put the information from
the stars in the planet.
So they were the chosen ones
to create this perfect race
that we call the atil-khef,
which means the blue ones,
and what gave the name
to Atlantis, Khefislion.
The Atlantis civilization
was the product
of Arcturian people.
But the first Atlantis was
not about pyramids and about
temples.
It was about the temple within.
So the main thing that we
inherited from Arcturus
was the Valkymia and medicine.
They taught us how to
understand our bodies, how
to relate with the
world, how to use
the medicine from the world.
And they gave us the
idea that every temple
that we were going
to build was a temple
to connect and to
awaken the information
of our blood and our cells.
That's why, from the
first stages of humanity,
the main humans were building
stone circles everywhere
in the world--
lines or stone
circles that allow
us to go within the vibration
system of Arcturians people
and awaken the power within
our blood, our cells.
So if you want to see the
connection history of Arcturian
civilization, you would
have to look for every stone
circle around the planet.
For Arcturians, the
most important thing
was to recognize that all the
information was not outside.
It was inside.
And it was not spiritual,
like for Plaedian people.
It was physical.
And it was in our blood
and in our cells by DNA.
So they tried to teach to every
human that the most important
in shape in the
universe is the sphere.
Because in the
sphere, every cell
is like a sphere that is
holding the octahedron within.
This octahedron within is the
geometrical structure in which
a cell is being created.
So we had the tetrahedron.
Two tetrahedron creates a cube.
And a cube is bounded by
the structure of octahedron.
So when you have the octahedron
created, after the Merkaba
and then the cube of realities
of the eight dimensions around
and one within, you
have the structure
of the octahedron that will
pull the patterns of the chakras
within.
So that separates the core
of reality into chakras.
And then, if you
touch every corner
and every vortex
of the octahedron,
you will have the sphere.
And that sphere that
you hold is a cell.
So they were teaching
everyone, this is a cell.
And in order to awake the power
of the DNA you have inside,
you have to go within the cell.
So because it was
so difficult for us
as humans to build a
sphere, to be in the middle
and to see every perspective,
the most accurate shape
that we could have to be
within a sphere, a cell,
it was octahedron.
And that's why, then, the
Syrians came and taught us
how to build these octahedrons
that the Arcturians were
talking about.
And that's why we have
pyramids with chambers
inside all over the world.
If we would like to understand
Plaedians and Arcturians
in our culture
today, I would say
that Plaedians is spirituality,
religion, faith, and Arcturians
are science and medicine.
So both of them are so
important for every human.
Because this one
here, the science,
is helping us to understand
the world and the power
that matter has in reality, and
how we are built like the best
machines, to create
life and consciousness,
and we are capable
of everything.
And in the other
hand, the Plaedians
have the spirituality,
and religion,
and all the unseen that tells
us that this is just way to go.
But there are many other ways.
And they escape to
where we believe,
what we think, what
we see, where we feel.
It's beyond everything.
So I think that every human has
these two faces that create us
from the very beginning--
the science that
teaches us how we work
and everything that we can
do, and the spirituality
and religion that
tell us that there
is something else
that we should always
keep looking for more beyond.
This are the main things
that they inherit to us
and that we keep within today.
So all the knowledge
that we have,
all the technology,
all the civilizations
that we had created is something
that we inherit directly
from the Arcturian people.
And we are what we are
now because of them.
And we are going to be
what we are going to be
because of Plaedian people.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will explore
the reptilians and the giants
and how they prepared the Earth
for the human experiment.